hello friends welcome to the news section of setting up teams together with
the network is social again this week in the main covers of
Internet
and it is that in the media as freedom we have been revealed
imminent arrival of a new social network that could stand up and
snatch much of the market share recently and to twitter this
new social network is called Diaspora and is being created by designed by
four American university students, let's see what diaspora holds for us
At this point, it is not new to say that social networks have
turned rudder indispensable for Internet users
we found a very famous area like facebook or twitter
but the amount of criticism regarding the position of power and lack
privacy of our accounts is such that social networks begin to appear
as door batteries
a social network is being completed by four university students
Americans and that has already been mentioned in media like dior country by
offer a new concept of social communication that has as its
first objective to ensure the privacy of our data an issue that has
cultivated mind is passing bill to facebook for the failures the mentality of
its creator and information gathering and trafficking strategies
for advertisers
Diaspora intends to snatch its users from Facebook and offer them
a new social communication service with more modern functions and
a decentralized system is to say unlike Facebook where all
our data is stored on your diaspora servers will offer a
platform p 2 p is to say that our data does not leave our fish what
allows us to decide what information we share trust and at what time
that we will make disappear from her something that today is almost impossible in
Facebook
the diaspora social network will appear in June and already has the support of
great media of the sector its infrastructure is based on hair
pec allowing you to contact other users directly without going through
third-party servers that control our information at the moment is not
enabled the homepage of diaspora I in Diaspora along with but
In a few days we will see what this alternative offers to the popular effect
and the friends here the details that are known from the outside do not forget that
in a few days we can enter and learn more about this social network so
is pending because we will offer you
any new information that comes out about it a greeting do not forget
Share the videos that you like
on social networks since sharing indicating on any of the networks
social networks offered by youtube